https://codepen.io/JCanela365/pen/gOpevLE

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML refers to using every tag with appropriate meaning so it makes it easy for readers and it
    gives screen readers an easier way to refer to them. 

2. What is HTML used for? 
    It's used to markup the webpage. It's like the structure of the webpage.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is an extra value you can give tags so it gives them a separate meaning or it gives them
    functionality to begin with. Like anchors need an href attribute and an attribute value to actually be 
    a link. 

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to sorround the title and make it the biggest element in the webpage by default.
    From what I learned you only use it once to surround the page title.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Img has src, and a tags or anchors have href to make them function properly. 

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    I'm not sure if it's the head tag, or the !DOCTYPE tag.

7. What is an id?
    An id is an optional attribute that's used to single that specific tag so it can be refered to later by 
    giving it a value that you will remember.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Any of them if you want to change them if not they're fine without the attribute.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    I've read that you should only use an id once per tag to have the id attribute have meaning. 
    You're using id to single out a certain tag, if you're trying to add the same valued id to different tags
    it would be better to use the class attribute.

10. What is a class? 
    Class is another optional value that groups tags so you can apply the same style to them.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any of them as long as you want to group them to stylise them the same.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You should use it more than once because in the case you're only using it once, it'd be better if you
    just use an id.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    After you have given the link an href you add the target attribute and give it a value of "_blank",
    this will open the href link in a new tab.

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Alt is used to give an img tag, words to replace the image if it happens to not be there.

15. How do I reference an id?
    To refrence an id you add a hashtag (#) in front of the value that you gave it. Say you gave a p tag an
    id of "questions" to reference it in your CSS your selector will look like this: #questions.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section surrounds actual sections in the webpage and div surrounds sections but it's practically used to 
    make a box model around any area in the page, where any other tag will not fit the semantic HTML standards.
    I believe it's one of the most used tags. 

17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets is used to decorate the webpage with color, font, etc. If the HTML is the 
    structure CSS is the paint and details that makes the structure appealing.

18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    We just refer to it by using h2 as the selector.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id is for one specific tag, class is for a group of tags that share the same properties.    

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You add a period in front of the class value in the selector.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    You use .human as the selector to specify that you want to choose that p element.

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector targets the direct child of the element that is specified.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You use .sidebar, to specify the div and then 'a' to target all the links inside. So, ".sidebar a" would
    be the value of the selector.

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is part of the selector that lets you style a certain state of the element specified.
    Such as: ":hover", which lets you change the element when you hover over it.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Line-height is used in this case, with the value being a measurement such as 1.5em.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Letter-spacing is used for this, with the value being a measurement such as 2px.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Text-transform is used with values capitalize or lowercase respectivally. 

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    The property, border, and the values 1px, dotted, black. The border property takes 3 values: width, 
    style, and color.

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You use an asterisk (*) as the selector, but it has the lowest level of specificity so you can change it 
    override it easily.

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    You surround the comment with this: /**/. So it it looks like this /* Comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Pwd shows you the path and I believe the last part should be where you are.

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    You use: ls as the command.

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename will get rid of the file with no warning, so you have to be careful with that because you
    can't get that file back.    

34. Why should I use version control?
    It practically saves the data, and it's easier to come back to than having to start from the beginning.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    As much as you can, usually 30 minutes but as much as possible just to avoid having to start from too
    far back in a bad occurence.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    You use "git push origin branchName".

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    You first fork the project, then you add your TL as a collaborator. After that you clone your forked 
    project onto your PC. Then you create your own branch with checkout -b firstName-lastName. Then you type
    in a command that corresponds with the IDE you're using. You then do your project "you use git add ." 
    to stage your changes to the staging area, after this you commit every so often to backup your progress.
    It's best to start from a backup then to start all the way from the beginning. Then you use "git push 
    origin branchName" to push your project into the github repository. In the end you create a pull request.  

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element spreads itself out horizontally where when it gets to the edge of the screen
    it begins a new line right below the other. Block elements spread themselves out vertically so each
    element begins a new "line" under the other. 

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It's position is dependent on the elements parent. Where top, left, right, bottom are the properties
    used to offset the element from the parents border walls.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it
a width? 
    I feel like this is a generic question or I may just not be thinking about it the right way, but from 
    what I'm understanding it's placed inside a parent element and the space it needs is the width of that box
    so to change that width you can change the width of the parent element. You can change the width of the element,
    but you run into issues where the element itself overlaps and it looks bad. 

4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 
element that is display inline-block by default.
    List tags, heading tags and the blockquote tag are display block by default. Anchor and image tags are 
    display inline by default. Image tag is supposedly the only inline-block by default.

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    The box model is a model that is used to decorate sections of a page in boxes. Every element seems to have an invisible box model. 
    You can add padding, margins, content, and borders, but the way they interact is confusing to me at the moment. The fix for the box-model
    from what I've read is box-sizing:box-border and gives the box model the ability to have the padding and border added into 
    the box width so it doesn't overlap over other elements, when you don't mean to. 23122173219047123ishfikja
